Tooth decay is just one way of saying I love you
Several days ago I found a really cool looking leg
12 young men eat snails... they are seemingly innocent at first glance, but are infact, convicted felons
If a hen and a half lays an egg and a half every day and a half, how long would it take a grasshopper with a wooden leg to kick all of the seeds outta a pickle?
Gru and the minions are big on the idea of cock
Plants are pretty tubular my groovy dude
I still miss q-m-e-r-t-y
Thru the rain i saw the angel hair pasta fall, into a puddle of gravy, and no one was there to save me.
Honestly though, why do seals do that thing with trombones? How did they get them?
You seem like an amazingly hoopy frood.
I don’t want you to know where the bodies are
Magnets. How do they fucking work?
Your mind looks beautiful today.
Olive this
Hello there! I hope you're having a splendid day! If not, blame DDC.
When 47 monsters meet 47 meats, the meat beat will be the beatiest meat beat that has ever been beat
Remember: if you don't collab, you're probably not really a person
HummushummushummushummushummushusmumhushmymhuhmsuhsmshhshssummmmhuhsushHummushuhummushuuhhuusmmsmsmsmhhmuhHUMMUS
Have you been in a work related accident that wasn't your fault? Perhaps speculating in hedge-funds might be your thing.
Blue-Mustard
I fund hedgehogs!
The dog sits in the middle of a clearing, seeing oaths to his north, west, and south. What does the dog do?
Actually, contrary to popular belief this server isn't a multi-level marketing business opportunity. We're just a nepotistic pyramid scheme.
You know who has hands? The devil! And he uses em for holding
SACK
This is an error message. If you see this, please message DDC and give him the error code: 0x0uwu0x0
This isnt an error message, i've just decided i didnt like your request
Ah! Just the person I was looking for. Now about that kidney...
Boom goes the dynamite
Fuck!
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Where's my dad?